---
layout: post
title:  "Setting Up This Website"
date:   2018-12-21
excerpt: "My experience setting up my website"
project: true
tag:
- jekyll 
- moon
- blog
- about
- theme
comments: true
---
    
<center><b>My Experience Launching This Website</b></center>
     
 Hello! This is my experience trying to revamp my website. Originally I hosted a website (same domain) on SquareSpace where everything was very user-friendly. After putting up many personal non-tech related projects, I decided to dive more into the computer science aspect of my life and try to redo my website with more customization and post more about my computer science experiences. So I used Jekyll Themes and discovered the Moon theme, where I forked over the repository and started to customize it. I also designed a logo for my website because I liked how the original Moon theme looked with one, and I decided to use my initials (T.H.) as a design point. I will be adding a photo of myself- I haven't yet decided where to place it. However the background of this website is a photo of me swinging on top of the Big C in Berkeley. 
 
 I will be updating this post as I continue to understand how to make this website my own. As of right now, I am struggling with a custom domain. I already purchased my domain tiffanyho.net and it currently is redirecting to tiffanyho16.github.io. However I want my github pages domain to be tiffanyho.net and have not yet gotten that to work without getting the error of "___ is redirecting you too many times". I tried adding CNAME files/records but that hasn't worked. I probably am not fully understanding how to change the DNS settings of my custom domain to add a proper CNAME. But this can be considered a minor problem. I will focus on this custom domain issues AND putting up relevant content on my site, since it is currently all example posts/files from the template.
